
---
#1
In the below example <dash><whitespace><open-quote> was a transition into Dialogue, and for narrative purposes we want dialog to be combined into one sentence.
This dialog as one sentence may not be properly expressed in the PRD. And it might impose the penalty of 650Mb/s -> 150Mb/s range.

ACTUAL:
76. The switch hovered in the air—the peril was desperate—

“My!
77. Look behind you, aunt!”
78. The old lady whirled round, and snatched her skirts out of danger.

GOLDEN:
76. The switch hovered in the air—the peril was desperate—

“My! Look behind you, aunt!”
77. The old lady whirled round, and snatched her skirts out of danger.

The specific <end_of_sentence> here is an <end_of_dialog>, but absent *being in dialog* the previous split on My! is plausible.

---
#2

Below we need the concept of a HARD_SEP: "\n\n".  After a <sent_end> a HARD_SEP indicates the previous sentence is over independent of anything further.

94. It’s mighty hard
to make him work Saturdays, when all the boys is having holiday, but he
hates work more than he hates anything else, and I’ve _got_ to do some
of my duty by him, or I’ll be the ruination of the child.”

[*] Southwestern for “afternoon”

Tom did play hookey, and he had a very good time.


The above should be split into 3 with the HARD_SEP "\n\n" being the primary signal missing.

---
#3
Below 110 and 111 should be one sentence.


109. But in spite of her, Tom knew
where the wind lay, now.
110. So he forestalled what might be the next move:

“Some of us pumped on our heads—mine’s damp yet.
111. See?”
112. Aunt Polly was vexed to think she had overlooked that bit of
circumstantial evidence, and missed a trick.

---
#4
OK either way:

10. “Mr. Heathcliff?”
11. I said.
vs
10. “Mr. Heathcliff?” I said.

---
#5
Example of why we need to be Dialog aware:

288 He was boat and captain and engine-bells combined, so he had to imagine himself standing on his own hurricane-deck giving the orders and executing them:  “Stop her, sir!
289 Ting-a-ling-ling!”
290 The headway ran almost out, and he drew up slowly toward the sidewalk.
291 “Ship up to back!
292 Ting-a-ling-ling!”
293 His arms straightened and stiffened down his sides.
294 “Set her back on the stabboard!
295 Ting-a-ling-ling!
296 Chow! ch-chow-wow!
297 Chow!”

Desired:
288 He was boat and captain and engine-bells combined, so he had to imagine himself standing on his own hurricane-deck giving the orders and executing them:
289 “Stop her, sir! Ting-a-ling-ling!”
290 The headway ran almost out, and he drew up slowly toward the sidewalk.
291 “Ship up to back! Ting-a-ling-ling!”
293 His arms straightened and stiffened down his sides.
294 “Set her back on the stabboard! Ting-a-ling-ling! Chow! ch-chow-wow! Chow!”

in-situ:

He was boat and captain and
engine-bells combined, so he had to imagine himself standing on his own
hurricane-deck giving the orders and executing them:

“Stop her, sir! Ting-a-ling-ling!” The headway ran almost out, and he
drew up slowly toward the sidewalk.

“Ship up to back! Ting-a-ling-ling!” His arms straightened and stiffened
down his sides.

“Set her back on the stabboard! Ting-a-ling-ling! Chow! ch-chow-wow!
Chow!” His right hand, mean-time, describing stately circles—for it was
representing a forty-foot wheel.

---
#6

1174 “It is your fault, Ellen,” he said; “you should have kept him out of sight: you should have taken him from me!
1175 Is he injured anywhere?”
1176 “Injured!”
1177 I cried angrily; “if he is not killed, he’ll be an idiot!
1178 Oh!
1179 I wonder his mother does not rise from her grave to see how you use him.
1180 You’re worse than a heathen—treating your own flesh and blood in that manner!”
1181 He attempted to touch the child, who, on finding himself with me, sobbed off his terror directly.

Desired:
1174 It is your fault, Ellen,” he said; “you should have kept him out of sight: you should have taken him from me! Is he injured anywhere?”
1175 “Injured!” I cried angrily; “if he is not killed, he’ll be an idiot! Oh! I wonder his mother does not rise from her grave to see how you use him. You’re worse than a heathen—treating your own flesh and blood in that manner!”

in-situ:
“It is your fault, Ellen,” he said; “you should have kept him out of
sight: you should have taken him from me! Is he injured anywhere?”

“Injured!” I cried angrily; “if he is not killed, he’ll be an idiot!
Oh! I wonder his mother does not rise from her grave to see how you use
him. You’re worse than a heathen—treating your own flesh and blood in
that manner!”

He attempted to touch the child, who, on finding himself with me,
sobbed off his terror directly. At the first finger his father laid on
him, however, he shrieked again louder than before, and struggled as if
he would go into convulsions.

---
#7

CONTEXT:
he surgeon deposited it in her arms. She imprinted her cold white lips
passionately on its forehead; passed her hands over her face; gazed
wildly round; shuddered; fell back—and died. They chafed her breast,
hands, and temples; but the blood had stopped forever. They talked of
hope and comfort. They had been strangers too long.

“It’s all over, Mrs. Thingummy!” said the surgeon at last.

“Ah, poor dear, so it is!” said the nurse, picking up the cork of the
green bottle, which had fallen out on the pillow, as she stooped to
take up the child. “Poor dear!”

Incorrect split:
26 They had been strangers too long.  “It’s all over, Mrs. Thingummy!”
27 said the surgeon at last.  “Ah, poor dear, so it is!”